talking of unlikely encounters because
this was all in the papers because your
your little well just because what we
read in our papers I got yeah I got a
car so this was the was it you think
rugged right
it was Jenny was James drunk is James
Blunt Shana get his pop career book the
papers I don't know there wasn't a lot
of people there that night so you can
say allegedly what happened okay
allegedly one of the princesses Eugenio
Beatrice one of them and James Blunt and
Ed Sheeran we're in a room was a million
a palace and James blood allegedly
wanted to be knighted is that a
euphemism and so one of the princesses
found a handy sword well item did you
not read this in the papers what I
didn't know James Blunt was involved up
to that point anyway there was a bit of
swordplay and Ed sure and got caught the
face is that right no I I have no idea
how that story came out I have no idea
cuz blight it was so tight it was and
like for like two weeks afterwards I had
this huge gash on my face and people
would be like Oh what happened you'd be
like I fell
[Laughter]
I've read will that you have this
amazing amount of music that you haven't
released but tracks with extraordinary
artists like Michael Jackson and prints
and people like that will you ever
release those tracks no because you know
especially artists like Michael Jackson
we're working with Michael Jackson is
his critique and his two cents so you
know without him guiding on completing
it it's not my right to to do that he
was a friend so I wouldn't I want to do
that and what was the story that you
brought Michael Jackson Prince - yes you
brought Michael Jackson and Prince
together yeah for one time we had a show
in in Vegas and Michael Jackson called
hey what's Michael okay yeah so I heard
you guys are doing a show tonight yeah
we go on at nine o'clock rats I got to
put the kids to sleep so I was like well
we I'm performing with Prince later on
at 12:00
so anyways Michael came to see me rock
with Prince and it was at a met it was a
magnificent night to see it was me Chris
Tucker and in watching me Chris Tucker
Michael Jackson watching Prince rockland
sage so to make a long story short print
steps off the stage and plays the bass
in Michael Jackson's face it rips the
freaking face and ten different pieces
did a little loop make a longer story
shorter Mike Jackson leaves and goes
home and says leave me a house of
breakfast so I go to his house with
breakfast knock on the door first words
he says when I was Prince playing the
bass in my face
it's out like a power
[Applause]
[Music]
I can feel the mist every time we kiss
just didn't know it down for like this
desert there's a flash-forward warning
will it will rain in the morning and
there'll be puddles in the bed I want to
do
[Applause]
the worthless there'll be puddles in the
bed the weatherman say yep
why were the puddles in the bed
[Applause]
listen girl I'm governor's girl the
weatherman said it's cloudy skies right
there between your thighs
I want it soaking wet all over the beds
do you sing lyrics
so now you would think you would think
the people would just see this beautiful
garment on the on the worldwide web and
you just admire it kind of it doesn't
really look lovely
but of course they can't they they do
compare it as you said to this they also
they also turned it into a perhaps most
delicious of all against his beef slice
I did my Fresh Prince rad eight million
YouTube hits was on that I can see your
face you like what has he left well this
time I brought my DJ Jazzy Jeff
[Applause]
[Music]
here we go
[Applause]
[Music]
I think this is sweet right so the fans
because the fans who go to do it
they then of course want to blog about
it because they've had this amazing
experience when they blog about it it's
borderline confusing on whether they had
a good time or not so here are some of
the blog things so we were asked to go
to the living room sit down not know how
much I was sweating during that moment I
was like the is going to happen
keep up then all of a sudden she just
pops up out of nowhere she appeared out
of thin air like David Copperfield
so she said she we playing her album for
us let me tell you the noise think about
of my mouth who was not human did you
almost old mama swift to call me an
ambulance because I was going to make it
[Applause]
so much cuz they always talk about dying
rest in peace me r.i.p me died dead we
did a little break as she was pasta
ground rice krispie treats and cookies
and I've spoken to her mom Friddle and
then I walked back in and she was like
hey babe thanks for coming do you want
to treat that I was like I would but I
think
[Applause]
this is brilliant mid-sentence she
stopped talking pointed to Amanda and
said Amanda I'm so glad you're here
Amanda died
[Applause]
finally guys just wait for the one she
did with Imogen Heap because damn that
one slayed everyone to heaven her back
well listening to the song
I literally had to plan
[Applause]
[Music]